I'm Dan Ackerman and we are here take a
look at the Alienware and 17x gaming
laptop now as a 12-pound I get slap bust
I'm not sure we'd even call this a
proper notebook computer it's more like
a portable semi portable big gaming rig
but if anyone knows how to build these
it's the guys at Alienware who've been
churning out high-end gaming desktops
and laptops for years now we've kind of
gotten down on Alienware in the past so
that kind of dorm room chic designs and
I'm pleased to say that with every
successive generation recently they seem
to be gaining a little bit better
pulling things back in a little bit of a
kind of minimalist modernist direction
on this new version of the m70x to see
that they've got edge to edge glass over
the display here that makes for a nice
clean look they've gotten rid of some of
the detailing on the keyboard tray left
it a little bit plainer and that's a
nicer look and they've also got this
kind of angled grill on the front now
it's kind of an automotive inspired to
build that yeah it's a little angularity
too it helps it not just look like a big
black slab now our m 17 X was configured
at about 48 $4,900 you can get it
starting at maybe seventeen ninety nine
but come on why bother if you're gonna
get a super high-end gaming laptop you
want to pack it with all the latest and
greatest parts like a extreme level quad
core Intel processor not one but two
NVIDIA GeForce m2a GPUs a terabyte of
hard drive space even a blu-ray drive
but obviously that's going to drive the
price way up some other things that we
like about the latest version of the m17
is the touchpad
it's still flush with the rest of the
keyboard tray but it'll bit of texture
on it now so when you can tell when your
fingers on it and when it's off it so
you don't always have to look down and
see if you're still mouthing or not the
keyboard itself you'll notice that it's
kind of a tapered style keyboard instead
of kind of those wide flat keys a lot of
guys are using now Alienware tells us
that's because for gamers who they hope
are the primary audience for this
machine when you use those w asd keys to
kind of move around in first-person
shooters people like having a little bit
more space between the faces of the keys
that makes it a little bit easier to
play now there's one part of an lemare
laptops we kind of have a love-hate
relationship with it's that Alienware
control center that we
it's you know doing power management and
stuff also let you control all the crazy
lights in the system in order to launch
that you just click this little touch
button right here and now from this
screen you can take any part of the
laptop the keyboard the outline around
the touch panel and we're logo and
change the color for it in fact on this
new model the keyboard itself has four
colors owns on it so you can set up some
sort of crazy garish rainbow like we did
right here or you can just set it all to
one color a fully tricked-out Alienware
and the 17 X is about as high-end you're
gonna find in a portal computer these
days you're not gonna miss out on
anything from blu-ray to both HDMI and
DisplayPort video outputs but obviously
you're gonna pay a lot for the privilege
I'm Dan Ahmed and that's the Alienware
em 17 X hi I'm Molly Wood host of the C
net mailbag show it's the show where we
read all of your email from the
ridiculous to the sublime and we
especially like the hater mail really
see it in hi-def at cnet.com / male bag